that's what I love when you come to
Paris it's like you never know what
you're gonna see I mean we almost got
abducted by aliens just now adam kimmel
was inspired by area 51 and now i'm
inspired to see if i can explore the
alien technology that he used so
successfully in when you do area 51 you
can't do without incorporating some
weirdness so a couple of plane wings in
the center of the room and the guys
disappearing you had to have some fun
with it what do you think about places
like area 51 do you believe that there
is something out there I think there's
things out there i just don't think they
exist in that area I think there are a
couple 100 million light-years away I've
always wanted to do military but never
wanted to do military thing every 51 was
an excuse to really incorporate military
pieces you have the the air force stuff
you have CIA black ops stuff and then
you have the family
component was really about exploring a
myth and translating it into the
collection that I really wanted to wear
you definitely got some trappings of
military you've got the jumpsuits and
you've got some of the military Co it's
really well tailored suits and the
beautiful shirts and ties I saw a lot
more structure a lot more tailoring and
I think what he's trying to do is spread
the word that he is a tailor he knows
how to cut a suit and he serves about it
do you see the shift is each time this
shifts and Sensibility for each
collection yes the hints and the details
and the ships in the clothing happened
and they're even really huge changes the
actual silhouette even had a bit of a
major shift but keeping things wearable
is the key he cools that cut the
American suit that slightly boxy jacket
little double van baguio trousers
pleated he's doing an American sac suit
but he's doing at that came away and
even if the most tailored suits let's
see a little bit of work we're in there
I see a little bit of a car hardy jacket
a little bit of that entail ered
tailored and I think he likes that
straight silhouette it's his trademark
at this point it's interesting the way
you continue to refract these myths of
masculinity I grew up watching rambo and
star man and Close Encounters and all
this stuff so this was a fantasy for me
I was excited to translate that into a
men's work
you